[Music]
hi everyone it's April and Justin thank
you so much for tuning in to cook with
April today we are going to show you how
to make spicy tuna rolls Justin took me
to a like a sushi class right it was a
sushi institute of LA and we learned how
to make spicy tuna rolls so this recipe
the credit goes to the sushi institute
of LA so stay tuned and learn how to
make it I'm not a pro like roller but
you know it's all about the taste right
so thank you let's get started we have
to have to use sashimi grade tuna it's
very important because of the freshness
and the flavor and you're going to slice
your sashimi grade tuna into the
smallest pieces you could possibly slice
it into you can even use your hands
because the tuna is really tender and
then you're going to place that tuna in
a large bowl next you're going to slice
some green onions then you're going to
add some mayonnaise
I have the complete ingredient list and
measurements in the information box if
you're interested so I'm going to mix
the tuna and the mayonnaise together
with a spatula then I'm going to add
some chili powder mixture
then I'm adding some chili oil because
it is spicy tuna hoo-hoo
so it's got to be spicy then I added
some free Racha for another kick of
spiciness and I'm mixing all those
ingredients together with a spatula then
I'm adding some of those green onions
and I'm mixing again with my spatula and
you're going to cover that with a saran
wrap and let that marinate or sit in the
refrigerator overnight or for at least
an hour next you are going to work on
your rice you must use short green rice
or any rice that's labeled sushi rice
and remember to wash and rinse your rice
about four times and click your rice on
the white rice setting now you're going
to work on the flavoring for the rice
you're going to add some rice vinegar
then you're also going to add some sugar
and you're going to mix the rice vinegar
and the sugar together until it
completely dissolves
[Music]
then you're going to add some salt again
you're going to mix those ingredients
until it dissolves once the rice is
cooked and not too hot you're going to
add the rice flavoring which is the rice
vinegar sugar and salt and you're going
to mix those together now you're ready
to work on your sushi grab your nori and
place a shiny side onto the mat where
the bumpy side is facing you then you're
going to add your rice and use your
fingers to press the rice down and add
more rice if it doesn't cover up the
nori sheet and then you're going to add
some sesame seeds just sprinkle it
lightly or add more if you like you're
going to flip it over and make sure you
cover your sushi mat with a saran wrap
because it'll keep your mat clean so
you're going to place the spicy tuna
mixture inside and then you're going to
roll with your hands and a tip that I
have for you is if your hands get too
sticky like mine rinse your hands with
some water and it won't be as sticky so
you're just going to roll it make a
caterpillar shape if you want I call it
a caterpillar shape so I'm just going to
press down and I'm using the mat to make
it a perfect shape and it's ready to be
cut you're going to just cut your sushi
into about 8 pieces or so and if it's
too hard to cut I like you I like
rinsing my knife with water that's what
I learned at the Institute so your sushi
is ready you have wasabi and ginger and
you are ready to enjoy okay so the sushi
is set up it's on a nice plate the
sushis there the gingers there wasabi
soy stuff and the chopstick does this
mean I get to try it yes so good and as
you can see I have like a lot more
ginger in Justin
a little bit I could just like eat
ginger ooh that eyes are closed
[Music]
well that is delicious it's yes so good
yeah yeah you did a great job you know
your traditional you're supposed to eat
sushi and one bite right a roll yeah I
was kind of challenging because he made
it pretty big yeah I did I like myself
there I saw a lot of right it is so good
it's very tasty and I love this spice
that you made it actually a little
spicier than most like spicy tuna rolls
I've had which I like oh yeah I did the
chili powder and then I did the chili
oil and then I was like you know what
healthy love Sri Racha oh man it is so
good thank you or anything well you
should try some I'm going to try it
later because um I look funny when I eat
fish because like it doesn't fit in my
mouth so I like falls
you always look crazy so thank you
friends so much for watching um stay
tuned for the next episode of tasty
Tuesday and I hope you like this recipe
have a beautiful day
[Music]